---
layout: post
title: Resume
date: 2022-03-17 08:51 -0400
hidden:  true
---
●&emsp;Kevn.Odom@Icloud.com&emsp;●

### Desktop Systems Engineeer&emsp;2021 - Present  
Charlotte Pipe and Foundry Company  
<ins> Key Accomplishments and Responsibilities: <ins>  

●	Migration of all on premise Windows and OSX workstations to AADJ cloud only.  
●	Continued refinement and improvement of our cloud device configurations via Conditional Access, Application protection policies, and configuration profiles.  
●	Setup and configuration of Azure tenant utilizing AD connect and Okta for user migration and MFA.  
●	Exchange online mailbox migrations from on prem for all associates, Configuration/Deployment of E5 compliance suite.  

	
### Desktop Systems Engineer&emsp;Oct. 2018 - 2021    
Charlotte Pipe and Foundry Company  
Administer MECM/SCCM 2010 environment with 1200 endpoints, and 8 locations across the US.  

<ins>Key Accomplishments and Responsibilities:<ins>  

●	Configured Intune MDM for iOS and Windows devices. Utilizing Co-management for conditional access line of business application deployments, and patching. Piloting Autopilot with Dell and Microsoft Products.  
●	Administered Citrix VDI environment, Maintained our OS Layer, Platform layer, and Application layer (Pre-boot and Elastic). Utilized IGEL thin clients for physical deployments and Citrix Storefront for published application usage.  
●	Implemented Microsoft’s Client Health tool to automate ConfigMGR client health maintenance. Reducing administrative overhead and further increasing endpoint compliance.   
●	Implemented upgrade analytics, device health and update compliance analytics. Utilized data to establish trends and remediate issues before widespread disruption occurs.  
●	Utilized Microsoft security baselines for Windows 10 and Office 365.  
●	Automated feature update structure to facilitate seamless updating to new Windows 10 versions 1809/1903/1909/20H2.  
●	Implemented and optimized OSD task sequence using vanilla source for agile management and maintenance of ongoing changes and updates. Reduced build times by 50%  
●	Improved patch compliance from ~65% to >95% by implementing third-party patching and standardizing on a monthly patch cycle to include dev, QA, and production rollout for workstations.  
●	Managed GPO and GPP to customize the application, machine, and user experience. Version control through AGPM  

### Programmer Analyst I&emsp;Aug. 2018 - Oct. 2018  
Charlotte Pipe and Foundry Company  

<ins>Key Responsibilities:<ins>  

●	Maintained and updated legacy applications code as needed.  
●	Administered SQL databases.  
●	Created and maintained Transact sql queries and views.   

### Computer Analyst I/II/III&emsp;Oct.2017 - Aug. 2018  
Charlotte Pipe and Foundry Company
Responsible for day-to-day help desk operations including ticket prioritization, tracking, and timely resolution, as well as level 3 technical support for 1000+ staff members, servicing 8 locations, and 1200 endpoints.  

<ins>Key Responsibilities:<ins>  

●	Managed complex hardware, software, and network problems to accurately resolve issues, and logged reports summarizing the issues and resolution.  
●	Migrated all workstations from Windows 7 to Windows 10 1803. Leveraged USMT for user data capture.  
●	Provided training to Desktop Support team members on emerging technology in our environment.  
●	Utilized Citrix Xen mobile for MDM - Maintained configuration profiles.  
●	Maintained standard equipment roadmap and met with OEM Vendors to establish relationships and pilot new hardware.  

<ins>Skills<ins>  

`INTUNE |MECM | SCCM | ConfigMGR | Intune | Azure Active Directory | WSUS | SSRS | MDM| VDI| Xen Desktop`
